cancer cells are addicted to glutamine
and glucose numerous Studies have
documented that cancer cells r on
glutamine and glucose to fuel
proliferation and progression as we gain
a better understanding into Cancer's
overreliance on these fuel sources
momentum is building to use metabolic
therapies to Target cancer leading that
charge is Dr Thomas seed of Boston
College Dr Thomas caed emphasizes that
practically all cancer cells use
fermentation to produce energy and that
starving cancer cells of glutamine and
glucose is critical to destroying the
disease if every Cancer cell is getting
energy without oxygen what where are
they getting their ability to grow what
other sources and I say fermentation
okay what's driving the fermentation
glucose which has always been known to
do that but the new thing now is that
glutamine can drive a fermentation
metabolism and that's big Discovery um
we have two fuels the glucose and the
glutamine both synergistic with each
other it's unbelievable the two Pathways
that drive these two fuels are
powerfully interactive and that allows
this cancer cell to grow very
robustly uh as long as it has the
availability of glucose and glutamine so
without glucose and glutamine the tumor
cell can't grow it dies but how can
people inhibit cancer cells from
accessing glutamine and glucose let's
look at glucose first Dr Thomas seed and
others point to evidence that using a
ketogenic diet can help people fighting
cancer keto diets substantially reduce
the consumption of foods high in
carbohydrates this can effectively
reduce the amount of glucose in the
bloodstream that would be available for
cancer cells to
use now when it comes to blocking
glutamine Dr Thomas CED recommends using
a drug called da which is six diazo 5
Oxo L nor Lucine unfortunately this drug
is still considered experimental which
means that licensed medical providers
are reluctant to prescribe Dawn outside
of a clinical trial we hope Dr Thomas
CED is able to organize the clinical
trials he is working towards to test his
protocol for now the only safe and
easily accessible options that have
evidence of disrupting cancer cell's
access to glutamine are food and
supplements
the world's library of medical articles
is the largest source of information we
have that identifies nutrients and food
that can help fight cancer the problem
is these medical journals are usually
geared towards readers who have a deep
education in biology neutral helps to
bridge this Gap neutral is the
anti-cancer nutrition app that helps you
quickly find food and supplements that
have demonstrated the ability to inhibit
cancer cells from accessing glutamine
and glucose
kill cancer cells and boost the immune
system here's how it works using neutral
it's easy to search the library of foods
supplements and natural extracts that
are known to inhibit cancer cells from
accessing glutamine and
glucose the item profiles in the app
clearly break down how each item is
known to kill cancer cells scrolling
down you can view if the item is known
to starve cancer cells of glutamine and
glucose how it may improve standard
treatments and you can read detailed
evidence of how the item blocks cancer
from glutamine and
glucose logging consumption of the item
will add the neutr points value to your
daily total enabling you to track your
anti-cancer nutrition progress including
the number of glutamine and glucose
blocking items
consumed every time you eat is an
opportunity to hit the disease with
nutrition that is known to have
anti-cancer capabilities
neutral can help you use the latest
evidence to win the battle open the
video description to find links to sign
up for the app today as well as access
studies referenced in this video we hope
you live long and live well